VAULT-2285 adding capability to accept comma separated entries for au… (#12126)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/commands/secrets/tune.mdx

The following flags are available in addition to the [standard set of
flags](/docs/commands) included on all commands.

> `-allowed-response-headers` `(string: "")` - response header values that plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-allowed-response-headers` `(string: "")` - response header values that the secret engine
```

  configured default lease TTL, or a previously configured value for the secrets
  engine.

- `-description` `(string: "")` - Specifies the description of the mount.
  This overrides the current stored value, if any.

- `-max-lease-ttl` `(duration: "")` - The maximum lease TTL for this secrets
  engine. If unspecified, this defaults to the Vault server's globally
  configured maximum lease TTL, or a previously configured value for the secrets
  engine.

- `-passthrough-request-headers` `(string: "")` - request header values that will

>   be sent to the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  be sent to the secrets engine.
```
